[docs] add reference to Polyhedra.jl (#3542)
jump-dev/JuMP.jl: docs/src/should_i_use.md

 * [InfiniteOpt.jl](https://github.com/infiniteopt/InfiniteOpt.jl)
 * [StochasticPrograms.jl](https://github.com/martinbiel/StochasticPrograms.jl)
 * [SDDP.jl](https://github.com/odow/SDDP.jl)

### Polyhedral computations

JuMP does not provide tools for working with the polyhedron formed by the set
of linear constraints.

Alternatives to consider are:

>  * [Polyhedra.jl](https://github.com/JuliaPolyhedra/Polyhedra.jl) (See the [documentation](https://juliapolyhedra.github.io/Polyhedra.jl/v0.7.6/optimization/#Creating-a-polyhedron-from-the-feasible-set-of-a-JuMP-model)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * [Polyhedra.jl](https://github.com/JuliaPolyhedra/Polyhedra.jl) (See the [documentation](https://juliapolyhedra.github.io/Polyhedra.jl/stable/optimization/#Creating-a-polyhedron-from-the-feasible-set-of-a-JuMP-model)
```

Author: I wanted to use a fixed version so that the link doesn't break if the Polyhedra docs change
